Link - https://garuinja.github.io/workshop-task-2/
Since the task involves using a timer for the most part, my plan for this is to make some shapes move at for an interval and when the interval is over, a different shape will pop up. Like a jumpscare of sort.

Update nevermind, I decided to go with something simple. I used quad which I didn't know much about so I just skimmed the reference page (https://p5js.org/reference/p5/quad/). With quad I made some sort of shape that was similar to a butterfly. I then used setTimeout for the butterfly and put it on a timer of 2 seconds, I also used the mousePressed function to allow the user to create butterflies.

I also used arc to make a Pacman shape but I couldn't figure out how to angle it to make actually look like Pacman so I used an arc form which made it look like Pacman was looking up from the arc reference page(https://p5js.org/reference/p5/arc/). For Pacman I placed it in the setInterval function and put the interval as 50 milliseconds so that the Pacmen would appear every 50 milliseconds.

### Update
### Brief Account of Experimentation
- With this new update, I changed the look of the Pacman shape so that it looked more like Pacman. This was done by including a new arc that would go over the first yellow arc shape, the new arc had the same fill as the background colour and `noStroke();` was added to the Pacman function to hide the outlines made by the second arc. This however meant that whenever a Pacman shape was made a slice of it was going to be a different colour. I also added `noStroke();` to the butterfly function so that it wouldn't be out of place and I changed the colour of the butterfly from pink to orange so that it would stand out more. I also had `function mousePressed(){setTimeout(makeButterfly);}` which wasn't really showing the function of the setTimeout function so I changed it to `function mousePressed(){setTimeout(makeButterfly, 2000);}` so that it would be more effective. I also got rid of `setTimeout(makeButterfly, 2000);` which was originally in the setup function but felt that there was no point in having there.
